In this lecture we will learn about color and h t m l color is a crucial aspect of a web page.
Each team gives us several options for specifying color.
We can specify colors by their names.
HVM l supports a total of 140 color names.
Color can also be specified by using or G-B color values or G-B stands for red green blue.
And each parameter defines how much of the color is in the mix from 0 to 255.
Naturally numbers closer to zero mean that a lesser amount of the color is used and numbers closer to
255 mean that a significant amount of the color is used.
A color value of white is created by setting all three parameters or G and B to A value of 255 a color
value of black is created by setting all three parameters are G and B to A value of zero.
If you put the same number for our GNB you will create a shade of gray.
You can also specify an arguably a color value where the H stands for Alpha.
So value is specified by a number from zero point zero to 1 point zero representing the percentage of
opacity.
The closer to zero point zero this number is the more transparent the color is the closer to 1 one point
zero.
This number is the more opaque.
The color is.
If this number is exactly zero point zero then the color will be fully transparent and not shown at
all.
If the number is 1 point zero then the color will be fully opaque and not have any transparency hexadecimal
color is specified using a hash tag or pound symbol followed by either 6 or 8 integers.
The first two integers represent the read value.
The second two integers represent the green color value.
The third pair of integers represent the blue color value.
The fourth pair of integers if present specify the alphabet for the next color.
H S L stands for hue saturation lightness and HSLDA stands for hue saturation lightness Alpha and both
are another way that we can specify color in HVM l the h in H S L stands for Q and specifies the color
value essentially of value from 0 to 360 can be provided representing a degree on the color wheel.
The SNH S L stands for saturation and specifies the intensity of the color 0 is gray and 100 is the
full color.
Anything in between is a mix of gray and the color specified by the hue.
The zero to 100 stands for a percent of what percent intensity the hue should be displayed at the LNH
s.l Santror lightness and represents how light or dark the color should be displayed.
The closer this value is to zero the darker the color the closer this value is to one hundred.
The lighter the color.
If this value is zero the color is displayed as black.
If this value is 100 the color is white.
The A in HSLDA stands for Alpha which specifies the color opacity the same as the a in our.
The alpha values specified by a number from zero point zero to one point zero representing the percentage
of opacity.
The closer to zero point zero this number is the more transparent the color is the closer to 1 point
zero the number is the moral PAIK The color is.
If this number is exactly zero point zero then the color will be fully transparent and not shown at
all.
If this number is 1 point zero then the color will be fully opaque and not have any transparency.
Any of these methods of specifying color can be used in each Chimo.
It is just a matter of preference and your needs and the next lecture.
We will learn about coloring elements in HCM all.